Fixedtypos, grammos, wording (#1)
Ericson2314/tech-proposals: proposals/accepted/047-standard-library-reform.rst

**Problem 3**: No clear portability guarantees with new targets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The new compilation backends that come with GHC 9.6 correspond, strictly speaking, to new supported CPUs/Arches, like "x86" vs "Aarch64" vs "RISC-V", etc.

> WASM and JS are, with enough squinting, just ways of expressing computation of those others: ways which should by and large not leak to the user. [#cpu-leaks]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WASM and JS are, with enough squinting, just other ways of expressing computation: ways which should by and large not leak to the user. [#cpu-leaks]_
```

Projects should be able to depend on libraries that just expose functionality that is known to work on the platform(s) they run on.
The plural, "platforms" is key.

> Projects that wish to support some set of Unix, Windows, Web, and WASI must be able to depend on libraries that only offer the *intersection* of what works on each of those, i.e. what works on all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that wish to support some subset of Unix, Windows, Web, and WASI must be able to depend on libraries that only offer the *intersection* of what works on each of those, i.e. what works on all of them.
```

Prior attempts at splitting ``base``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There have been attempts to split ``base`` before, but they attempted to get everything done at once, setting a dangerously high bar for success.

> This approach here, by contrast, first and foremost seeks to avoid the difficulties and find a sustainable, suitably low-risk approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach here, by contrast, first and foremost seeks to avoid those difficulties and find a sustainable, suitably low-risk approach.
```

Bonus **Step 3B**: Rethinking Windows
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Right now, ``base`` relies on MinGW and Windows `libc` compat layer to approximate traditional Unix functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, ``base`` relies on MinGW's and Windows's `libc` compat layer to approximate traditional Unix functionality.
```
